listen to read if we will you
present the collection mcqueen a mc
queen 2 of kais so here is mac the cros
mac last february 6th , potter on
presses the buttons and mouse chalice
you're right hop
the little michel michel crime
martin the convenience store greets his lover
guido van hove tamo belgium
hot red
ramon
ah good
visit
little pleasure to welcome filming
sergeant faught here always down
this text dino co
the quine madam the king mi6 kerry
mcqueen 30-10 noko forklifts
from chic chic chic chic bob you
leashes
a journalist from al map trip the
second journalist
nor trod at lahti of the race to choo
wingo full pot of security guards
marlon mackay and see us happening if
switched to episode 2 cars 2 mcqueen world
from ambri francisco berne where lewis
hamilton
raoul garou miguel camino james
corbett
[Applause]
and michael rogers but yesterday the melo sow
max geneva shu todoroki galloping
galloping boom of October 31st in bed no
that's the time
elodie finn mcmissile private detective ah
yes figure is detective rock torque
agency eligible films on cover
police the naughty soldier teacher zone
[Music]
vladimir truck driver of his cousin
oil flows as is the biggest of
villains even axelrod eric the year
rouergue reporters filled bindo the
Queen of England
sookie carlo maserati and in
special editions capital mario
andretti
I think that makes a beautiful
case collection here you say you're
car and his father and and to the students
ms well it's true yes I love
all cost
and here is the whole collection is fine
sure we come back on mac mac is a truck
where we can store all cars in
pressing buttons it opens up
two sides
behind too and we have a truck
of car storage notice to
soon we will have had new cars
a new car